Hey Trojans, and welcome back to
General Education. I'm your host
Kevin Gramling. On this episode
we're recapping the newly
renamed Allyson Felix Field and
USG's latest measure drafted to
increase funding transparency.
After, we chat with our very own
Jennifer Nehrer about her recent
profile. Hey, we get it. You had
a busy week. That's why we've
got you covered with all of this
week's latest highlights. The
first story I'll be recapping is
by Daily Trojan staffer Adam
Soukup. About USC is newly
renamed Allyson Felix field.
Faculty, staff and students came
together on Monday to celebrate
the renaming of the track
Stadium after Allyson Felix.
Allyson accepted a commemorative
plaque at the celebration. In
her speech, she touched on her
Christian faith and her family
as sources of inspiration,
crediting her accomplishments to
the many people who contributed
to her life. renaming the track
not only honors Allyson's
contributions to the University
and her athletic activism, but
also works to distance the field
from its previous namesake
former track and field coach
Dean Cromwell, a public
proponent of antisemitic views.
Closing her speech, Alison told
her daughter that she will never
stop fighting to make the world
a better place for her to grow
up in.
Our next story is by Mateo Villalba-
Mutis about USG's measure
to address funding transparency,
USG's lack of funding
transparency has consistently
been a source of frustration
among Registered Student
Organizations at a senate
meeting Tuesday night. USG
tackled this topic head on
drafting a bill to increase
funding transparency, the
pressure to pass this bill by
the end of the school year is
felt by the senators. To them,
funding transparency is a matter
of USGS integrity as an
administration. The measure is
thorough, demanding clarity in
USGS funding decisions. Other
proposed ideas include clearing
up funding request timelines,
reasons for funding rejections
would also be added in clear
guidelines for funding
applications.
Joining us today for our two-way
interview is assistant news
editor Jennifer Nehrer.
Jennifer's profile was for a
Queer Day of Silence edition.
The story centers on USC
Hillel's queer rabbinic intern,
Miriam Hoffman, whose
authenticity and openness about
her intersectional identity
inspires those around her.
[Kevin Gramling:] Hello, Jennifer, welcome back.
You have become a General
Education veteran. This is your
third time here, right? [Jennifer Nehrer:] Yeah.
Woah, thank you guys for having
me. [KG:] First of all, Miriam
Hoffman, who you did the story
on sounds like such a lovely
person. How did you come upon
her? How did you decide you
wanted to tell her story? [JN:] So um,
admittedly, this was the what
first had me on the story was
that it was in you know, the the
pitch sheet that news writers
could take from but I knew that
I wanted this story in
particular out of the the
options I had. Because I've met
Miriam a few times. Personally,
I wanted to participate in the
Day of Silence supplement, I
myself am queer. I'm also
Jewish. So I have that
connection to Hillel. I've been
to Hillel many times. As I said,
I've I've met and interacted
with Marianne herself before she
is, as you said, a wonderful
person.
And so I knew that if this story
was being offered up, as one to
tell, I wanted to be the one to
tell it and you know, have
another chance to interact with
Miriam and, and speak on the
story and tell her story because
I have such a close connection
to it. [KG:] Yeah, and I feel like the
close connection really comes
through in the story. So have
you done a profile-style article
before? How is approaching a
profile different from a typical
news story?
This is actually my first, this
is my first profile in a
collegiate newspaper. When I was
in high school, I was on my
school's paper for my junior and
senior years. And during my, I
believe senior year exclusively,
I did a few profiles on some new
teachers that we had hired.
I still felt like this one was
very different. I,
the, the new teacher profiles
were kind of very,
very, very basic news stories,
where I just asked them, Who are
you? Where are you from? What
are you teaching?
I felt they were very, those
were very similar to a kind of
standard news format story.
What made this different is
instead of just asking, "Who are
you? Where are you from? What do
you do here?" I was asking for
someone's life story. And I was
asking for what made their job
meaningful to them and stuff
that you wouldn't find in a
standard news piece. While we do
have, kind of, why this matters-
type paragraphs in a standard
news story. That usually takes
up
a smaller portion of it because
we tend to avoid editorialize.
As is common practice for news
in this profile, I wasn't
editorializing, per se. But there
was more of a why does this
matter throughout the entire
story? And because I was, I was
speaking on something that was
so personal, or because I was
conveying something that was so
personal.
And actually, I mean, I went
into this having basically no
idea how to write a profile. I
think I bothered my editors a
little too much with, "Oh, no,
what's the word count? You know,
how do I, how do I make this
flow?" But I think I ended up
figuring it out in the end. [KG:] That
is so insightful, seriously. So
leading straight into this, this
is perfect: To you, why does this
matter? What do you hope people
will take away from the story?
Why is it important for people
to know about Miriam Hoffman?
[JN:] Well, I think that what Miriam
touched on during her interview,
that the fact that the
intersection of her queer and
Jewish identities was especially
important, I mean, the entire
queer Day of Silence supplement
features, very important
stories, just because it's
important to spotlight members
of the queer community and of
just the USC community in
general that aren't necessarily
getting as much attention on any
given day. But stories that
feature intersectional
identities are even more
important because they make, they,
they, they feature that overlap,
where, as as Miriam commented,
some religious texts can often
be very difficult for members of
the queer community, for various
reasons. And something that is
so important to feeling
comfortable in both Jewish and
queer spaces is feeling
comfortable with those texts,
and working with them, and
working them out for yourself. I
mean, as a Jewish and queer
person, I can comment on this, a
lot of Judaism is just working
with texts and rationalizing
with texts and exploring the 15
different opinions by 15
different you know, scholars and
rabbis that have come with those
texts, and making a space for
yourself within Judaism that is
comfortable and that is
accepting of every part of who
you are. [KG:] One of Miriam's friends
Ariela Moel, described one of
her positive interactions with
Miriam. [Ariela Moel:] Miriam has been such an
open book when it comes to Hillel
and an open book when it comes
to my Jewish questions. More
specifically, I have stayed I
remember one specific time where
I'd stayed after the Jewish
learning fellowship, just
talking 30 minutes with her
about my idea, my conception of
God. And for reference, I am
agnostic. So for me, that was a
really enlightening
conversation, because as you
know, she's been an intern. And,
of course, she's quite
religious. And for me, I'm not
very religious, but I'm always
very open to hearing ideas about
a religion impacts daily life. And
for me, that was just a very
insightful conversation that
opened up my eyes to what it
means to really be Jewish, what
it means to believe in a God and
what it means to believe in a
higher power.
[KG:] I really got this impression
that Miriam has found such a
healthy relationship to
religion. And that just makes
this story so important to tell.
So this is a shorter question,
but I'm sure Miriam has plenty
of friends who admire her to
choose from. How did you end up
deciding to interview the friend
that you did interview, Ariela
Moel? [JN:] so I know quite a few
kids who are in Hillel or who
participate in Hillel.
And Ariella is both a friend of
Miriam's and a friend of mine. I
know that she in particular is
very, very involved with Hillel
and has done a number of frankly
very impressive things with
Hillel and on her own. And I
thought that
hearing about Miriam's impact,
actually, I went into the
interview, not knowing I set up
the interview, knowing that she
had interacted with Miriam but
not necessarily to what extent.
And I wanted to see, you know
how someone like Miriam had
influenced someone who has done
so much with their time at
Hillel and the interview ended
up working out beautifully
because, as already said,
Miriam has been such such a huge
part of her freshman Hillel
experience, which she is able to
have done so much with. [KG:] Awesome.
Yeah. So we kind of touched on
this with this being the one of
your first profiles, and there's
also the aspect of this being a
story that is so close to home.
Did you learn anything working
on this piece? Were there any
challenges or surprises along
the way?
[JN:] Well, there was the initial
challenge of just, you know,
learning quickly how to write
the profile piece, I guess what
I, what I learned is
moreso just what I learned
about Miriam. I mean, I knew a
bit about who she was from the
few times that I interacted with
her at Hillel. But I didn't know
her full life story. I mean, I
don't go kind of casually
perusing the "About Us" section of
the Hillel website. Maybe I
shouldn't do that more often.
But, you know, I learned so much
talking with her and talking
with the the people who, you
know, have interacted with her
like Ari and Dave Cohn.
And I just learned so much about
Miriam herself that I don't
think I would have learned in
just a casual conversation with
her. And that was that was
really enlightening to hear
about. [KG:] Well, those are all the
questions we had. Thank you for
coming in. Jennifer. [JN:] Thank you
for having me. [KG:] That was Jennifer
nearer an assistant news editor
here at the Daily Trojan. Now,
here is Miriam Hoffman talking
about what gives her life
meaning. [Miriam Hoffman:] I, in my own ways, find
meaning in Judaism as a queer
person, and I really just want
anybody queer or otherwise to
find their meaning in Judaism.
And I hope that I can be a
resource for people. That is,
that is my only goal in life, is
to like help people find their
path into Judaism. And I really
want to be somebody who
brings people back in, and says,
like, "Actually, this is for you.
This is yours. And you can
own this in the ways that you
need to because it is yours. As
a Jew, you get this and it
doesn't have to be something
that is hard or hurtful, and it
shouldn't be [inaudible]
this week's episode of General
Education was hosted by Kevin
Gramling, written by Kevin
Gramling, Isabella Zheng,
Benjamin Papp, and Norissa
Ramirez, edited by Grace Ingram
and Kevin Gramling, produced by
Grace Ingram and Christina
Chkarboul. General Education is
one of three shows on the Daily
Trojan Podcast Network. You can
find more episodes anywhere you
listen to podcasts, as well as
our website, dailytrojan.com.
Visit the episode description
for links and more information.